what do you want for life let's talk
about that for a moment when you're
doing your research every single day
what are you trying to accomplish are
you trying to make money are you trying
to protect your family you need to
understand your goals in order to be
successful it's very important how you
ever be able to get somewhere if you
don't know where exactly you want to go
that's something very trivial but an
offense it's actually very important so
I want to touch on that today I think it
is something that is overlooked for
myself I know that I would like to have
a home that has self sufficient
accessories tools and instruments
whatever you want to call them such as
solar panels
maybe geothermal I want a well or I want
my own water source or have a river I
want to have my own ability to take care
of myself and that's what I want that's
what I am working towards
when I was 21 let's say I wanted a
Lamborghini and wanted you know all the
fancy things that this world has to
offer and now as I get more grey I
decide that there are other things in
life that are much more important but I
don't judge anybody for whatever they
want if you want to drive a Lamborghini
you work towards that and you pay that
money for that Lamborghini by all means
you deserve it but for myself I know
what my goals are and I'm working as
hard as I can every single day just to
throw this little tidbit in here I work
on YouTube approximately three to four
hours per day now you might only see a
ten minute video but for me doing
everything because I'm a one-man show
that's a three to four hour
job now a lot of times I prepare a video
I get ready and then end up scrappiness
if it's not going to be good enough I
end up scrapping it so a lot of times a
lot of that is necessarily just waste of
time but in a sense I'm learning along
the way and that's what people have to
also do not really think about it as
wasting time but understand that you are
here on a journey I know a lot of people
that are investing into stocks with no
particular goal in mind other than
making money
they look no further than that I want to
make money I'm going to invest in stocks
well good for you you may make that one
but you need to understand everything
what about the tax implications what
about where you're holding that money
you know individuals in Canada and there
are other roles depending where you live
where you have a TFSA okay tax-free
savings account where people can earn
some income of me it depends on your
contributions per year and everything
else but you are able to put that into
this TFSA and tax shelter a small
portion now what if you just bought the
stops on your own you didn't know about
a DFSA now you're paying tax on any of
those earnings when you could have used
these tools that are available to you
legal ways to be able to have to shelter
that tax well most people don't know
about these things they simply just go
ahead and do what they think is right
well that's fine we just have to do a
little bit more searching out there
understand the consequences and really
look at the things a little more deeply
so that's one point that I want to make
and just to talk to you for a moment if
a lot of people judge other people and
that's fine you know we're all guilty of
it to some degree but I think that's
part of the problem that we have today
everyone is worried about all this
infighting between you and I and it's a
little silly because while we're here
arguing about basically about
information
that doesn't matter we look a little
deeper and we realize the people that
are actually taking advantage of us you
know the the elites the globalists the
Bilderberg Group and everybody else the
secret societies and everyone else now
think about that for a second where they
are out there purposely gathering
together to try and create ways to make
sure that we stay as serfs
and they maintain all the corporation's
controlling all the government's and
everything around we don't have that
choice and we are part of the another
class people even if you were to make
millions of dollars you still would not
be part of that group so I asked
everybody to just think a little bit
deeper into whatever it is that you're
interested in whatever it is that you do
take an extra step step back for a
moment and try to realize why am I doing
this I don't have these feelings what
exactly should I be doing with my life
what would my time be better spent on if
you look in the comment section of this
video or any of my other videos you will
see many people that will spend their
days spend their hours watching videos
of a person they dislike in order to
comment on them to make themselves feel
that that's fine they feel that's what
they need to do you know they can use me
as a punching bag that's great but
ultimately they would be better off
doing whatever it is that they like if
they like to gamble on poker let's say
well why not teach other people how to
play poker if they want to know that why
not say you know you are stupid for this
reason when you could be playing poker
you are stupid and that's that's a
critical very you know a failing way to
try to impose what you believe on
somebody else
you should be out there trying to teach
people what you know whatever it is that
you know that's what I always try to do
when I'm around others if somebody's a
carpenter for example and I don't know
about carpentry I'll ask him a few
questions just a few basic things and I
feel like that gives me this sort of
broad base of knowledge then when I'm
thinking about carpentry later on maybe
there's a house going up and I was told
you know the type of wood that's used
for example and then I realized that
there's a virus going on and it's
affecting these different trees and as a
result I'll know in the back of my head
that that tree is going to become more
expensive as a result this commodity
becomes something of you know
unappreciated asset in a way or as
something that will take away from
profits for example or make things more
expensive however you want to look at it
so something as simple as that it's
something that I always do I never judge
anybody they try not to and I really
always maintain my goals and being the
number one priority that's it for this
video here I hope you enjoyed it it's a
little bit of a different scenario and
the issues a lot of I'm not going to say
this word right now but the issues that
are going on right now well you know
let's keep a close eye on it if you know
if I'm not making any money you know for
now that's okay I'll survive I just want
to thank each and every one of you for
coming up with all of your support
recently especially recently I truly
truly appreciate that very much
you guys are amazing hooligans you know
this is my favorite time of day and I'm
blessed thank you